Professor: Elizabeth Matson
Department: Mathematics
School: Alfred University
Overall Quality: 4.4/5 | Would Take Again: 100% | Difficulty: 2.8/5

---

Course: MATH151
Date: Dec 24, 2024
Quality: 4.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Grade: A- | Would Take Again: Yes
Review: I struggled for multiple years in pre-calc and calculus classes during high school and at another college. Dr. Matson is good at explaining the material and prepares you well for the tests. It is a very test heavy class but the content is made clear prior to the tests. Only slight issue is she does not respond to emails much. Clear grading criteria, lecture heavy.

---

Course: MATH104
Date: Nov 18, 2021
Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
Grade: A | Would Take Again: Yes
Review: Dr. Matson is a great teacher. She takes her time to explain each question clearly. Fill-in note packets are provided and the textbook is not required. She also gives no homework — just submit the notes. She is a very nice person. Accessible outside class, clear grading criteria.

---

Course: MATH104 (Quantitative Methods for Business)
Date: Jun 3, 2021
Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 4.0
Would Take Again: Yes
Review: She was an overall great teacher. She takes her time to explain and solve problems while answering questions. She grades fairly and if you ever need anything just shoot her an email or talk after class. Accessible outside class, clear grading criteria.

---

Course: MATH151 (Calc 1)
Date: May 20, 2020
Quality: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Grade: A | Would Take Again: Yes
Review: She clearly loves math and just wants to help her students succeed. I was hospitalized for about a week and a half a couple days into the semester, but she worked with me to make up missed assignments and I was able to meet with her if I had any questions. She's willing to work with you until you fully understand calculus. Gives good feedback, accessible outside class, caring.

---

Course: MATH151
Date: Jan 18, 2019
Quality: 3.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
Grade: C+ | Would Take Again: Yes
Review: Dr. Matson is new to teaching at the university and unfortunately that is shown in her teaching style — she seemed a bit nervous and tended to take a long time explaining solutions to more complicated problems. However she is a nice lady and a fair grader, and if you go to her after class you should get a clearer answer. Attendance matters, lots of homework, clear grading criteria.
